hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/Lens.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.Lens
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/AlgorithmStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.AlgorithmStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/BwItpZoneStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.BwItpZoneStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/XtaOrd.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaOrd
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/lu/LuZoneState.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.lu.LuZoneState
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/itp/ItpZoneTransFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.itp.ItpZoneTransFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/LuZoneStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.LuZoneStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/itp/ItpZoneInitFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.itp.ItpZoneInitFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/itp/ItpZoneAnalysis.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.itp.ItpZoneAnalysis
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/ClockStrategies.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.ClockStrategies
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.ClockStrategies$1
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/CombinedStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.CombinedStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/ItpZoneStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.ItpZoneStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/ClockStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.ClockStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/FwItpExplStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.FwItpExplStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/XtaLts.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaLts
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/expl/itp/ItpExplState.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.expl.itp.ItpExplState
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/itp/ItpZoneState.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.itp.ItpZoneState
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/XtaZoneUtils.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.XtaZoneUtils
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/XtaZoneAnalysis.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.XtaZoneAnalysis
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/XtaInitFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaInitFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/XtaTransFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaTransFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/lu/LuZoneTransFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.lu.LuZoneTransFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/XtaZoneTransFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.XtaZoneTransFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/ExplStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.ExplStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/expl/itp/ItpExplInitFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.expl.itp.ItpExplInitFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/lu/LuZoneInitFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.lu.LuZoneInitFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/expl/itp/ItpExplTransFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.expl.itp.ItpExplTransFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/expl/itp/ItpExplOrd.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.expl.itp.ItpExplOrd
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.expl.itp.ItpExplOrd$LazyHolder
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/XtaActZoneUtils.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.XtaActZoneUtils
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/expl/XtaExplTransFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.expl.XtaExplTransFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/expl/XtaExplUtils.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.expl.XtaExplUtils
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/XtaAction.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaAction
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaAction$BasicXtaAction
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaAction$BinaryXtaAction
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaAction$BroadcastXtaAction
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/XtaLuZoneUtils.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.XtaLuZoneUtils
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/lu/LuZoneOrd.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.lu.LuZoneOrd
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/expl/XtaExplInitFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.expl.XtaExplInitFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/expl/XtaExplAnalysis.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.expl.XtaExplAnalysis
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/itp/ItpZoneOrd.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.itp.ItpZoneOrd
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/XtaState.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaState
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaState$1
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/DataStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.DataStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/XtaZoneInitFunc.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.XtaZoneInitFunc
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/DataStrategies.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.DataStrategies
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.DataStrategies$1
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/XtaAnalysis.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.XtaAnalysis
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/BwItpExplStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.BwItpExplStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/FwItpZoneStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.FwItpZoneStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/expl/itp/ItpExplAnalysis.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.expl.itp.ItpExplAnalysis
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/LazyXtaStatistics.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.LazyXtaStatistics
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.LazyXtaStatistics$Builder
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.LazyXtaStatistics$Builder$State
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/zone/lu/LuZoneAnalysis.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.zone.lu.LuZoneAnalysis
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/ItpExplStrategy.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.ItpExplStrategy
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/LazyXtaChecker.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.LazyXtaChecker
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.LazyXtaChecker$CheckMethod
hu/bme/mit/theta/xta/analysis/lazy/LazyXtaCheckerFactory.java
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.LazyXtaCheckerFactory
 hu.bme.mit.theta.xta.analysis.lazy.LazyXtaCheckerFactory$1
